fix: correct the description of the progress bar (#32654)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/media/audio_and_video_delivery/buffering_seeking_time_ranges/index.md

This should give you results similar to the following, where the light grey bar represents the buffered progress and green bar shows the played progress:

> ![A simple audio player with play button, seek bar and volume control, with a bar below it. The bar has a green portion to show played video, and a dark gray bar to show how much has been buffered.](bufferedprogress.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A simple audio player with play button, seek bar, and volume control, and a progress bar below the controls. The progress bar has a green portion to show played video and a light grey portion to show how much has been buffered.](bufferedprogress.png)
```
